this is not a drama video this is not
about or against any other vegan YouTube
or what-have-you but the shallow
short-term reason for me thinking to
make this video just enter my head what
I was out buying these vegan buns vegan
buns with chopped up steamed potato yeah
potato in the middle not much else
potato and some spices and herbs and
spun it yeah what dr. Greger would
approve isn't dr. Greg urban potatoes
dr. Fuhrman would approve one of the one
of the biggest one of you get dr. or
another would approve some of them are
really pro potato you know anyway what
was out getting these potatoes from our
girlfriend okay the short term of this
room you think about this was this kind
of insult people throw in my face again
and again that I'm really bad at taking
criticism and whenever I've tried to
engage those people including like
anonymous troll to have written back
saying like well you know maybe you have
a point but have you actually looked at
these videos and sometimes I've asked
them just look at the videos they're
claiming they've watched in the first
place like whatever I said about Nina
and Randa and it's like well based on
what you're saying here it sounds like
you never actually saw the video you
don't want my point is maybe you heard
what you know vegan she just said about
it with Charles marbles maybe you heard
some other rumor but it looks like you
haven't even watched the video you're
complaining but and when I say oh but
you know I actually do have videos some
long format videos really responding to
criticism have you actually looked at
any of those have you considered or
maybe it's misapprehensions about the
unnatural vegan thing so one of my one
of my superfans is now making a kind of
remix like it's not a documentary a
remix of clips about the history of my
comfortable with the natural vegan but
it's like well look I don't I'm not
gonna say I'm perfect but you know did
you actually see what happened in this
conflict and how I responded the
criticism so like you know I made really
substantive videos like okay you
disagree with me about domestication of
animals you disagree with me about dog
castration you disagree with me about
the concept of having happy cows in your
backyard producing happy cow milk you
know unnatural vegan argues that you can
still eat eggs under certain
circumstances you can still drink cow
milk under certain circumstances you
know blah blah blah blah blah but these
people never once never once has the
comes
beyond that you know whether it was nor
vegan or an anonymous troll around no
never once is one of those people it's
like coming down on me so hard because I
can't take criticism just like shown an
interest in what they were they brought
the conversation to me like I didn't
start the conversation but they were
supposedly interested in having a
conversation with this stuff and then
the interest is gone so you know a lot
of people are bad at responding to
criticism and in the university in the
academic setting I've seen a lot with
that behavior and I don't leap to the
conclusion that someone's a narcissist
or a psychopath or what-have-you
one of my professors in the past at an
undisclosed university in Canada he and
I ended up becoming close friends I'm
gonna say his name was Mike it's not a
real name but this professor of my name
named Mike so there's my first time ever
being in the classroom with him and the
whole University program was supposed to
be providing you with a survey of
courses in Asian Studies now what does
Asian Studies mean that's really
debatable right
but among other obvious flaws with these
these survey courses was that none of
them even mentioned India
there wasn't one book chapter at a one
book on India was like their definition
of Asia was just China Japan and those
outer islands because I mention we had
this one professor special it's like
Polynesia and Micronesia that was it
that that was Asia and Japan's a pretty
huge part of that history so this
professor it's his first class of that
semester you know he's teaching the
class in this in this survey course and
he says that Asian Studies began after
World War two in Chicago and California
like universe like University of Chicago
and some universities California they
started the station saying after World
War two
and I put my hand up and I said I'm
sorry were you checking your teeth was
Casey think there was a punch line um I
said I'm sorry but you know more than a
hundred years before that we had really
major disciplines for Asian Studies in
Germany in England even in Switzerland
like have you heard of Sanskrit have you
heard of India like Europe
European study of Asia began way before
the end of World War two of course you
can go back another century before that
too you can get into like manuscripts in
the Vatican but Jesuit researchers going
to China and writing about Chinese
history and oh the Portuguese they go
way back Portuguese records and Spanish
records if they're voyages up to Asia on
the start of that that era of European
contact Corey if you want you to go back
to ancient Greece that's kind of another
story contacts between Europe and Asia
and in the greco-roman period Greece and
Rome but within the Dark Ages to present
period there's all there's a lot there
but in this case and I had some that
stuff fresh in my mind I was able to
make named some of those scholars and
linguists from Germany and and
Switzerland and stuff or England too of
course but you know there's a lot more
of this history and it's also a lot more
to Asia Asia is not just Japan China
Asia is definitely not just Polynesia
and Micronesia
you know these courses are leaving an
Indian town so you can see this isn't
this isn't an ad hominem criticism is
not a criticism of the professor he
freaked out you know he could not handle
it at all I could go as far to say he
had a you know he had a real meltdown in
class I was very very difficult time for
me in terms of my divorce and my not
seeing my daughter is a really dark time
in my life and I remember I remember how
I felt at the time too I mean this kind
of strange spit I wouldn't describe
myself as depressed it was just a time
of tremendous sorrow and misery for me
and I don't I don't take that out of
other people I like when I'm unhappy for
some other I don't take it out on you I
may not have many redeeming qualities
but that's one I you know I keep I keep
my feelings salient to the problems that
generate this that feelings like I don't
get mad at her if my ex-wife is treating
me like crap or something if I have a
conflict with my ex-wife or my mom or my
dad or something and you know I
sympathize but actually pretty much
everyone I've ever been in a
relationship they do do that like my
other ex-girlfriends or whatever if they
had accomplished something else and they
you know they get mad I sympathize but
it's an important discipline you know
not to do that anyway so remember
sitting there and this guy me no he's a
professor he's gonna grade me or
whatever's in a position of power and I
remember you know he was so angry and
you know obvious a latent leader I can
understand why he was so angry and in a
sense insecure he was freaking because
he couldn't handle this this criticism
and I remember sitting there like you
know just reflecting like I feel nothing
like this isn't scary to me this isn't
intimidating to me having this professor
you know screaming at me it was happened
during I was havin after class a state
FX stiff class for like an hour we
talked for like an hour after class and
the beginning he was absolutely freaking
out I just sat there and took it
replied fasciatus tough talk for like an
hour so on it it was by the end of it
yes she had tremendous respect for me he
was finding it about cuz you know he
started off just screaming at me like
semi was destroying his class and he
ended it saying look you're way too
advanced for this class you should do a
special independent study course instead
of taking this class and he ended it by
having this respect for me and then he
started calling me up try to make
appointments to speak to me he wanted me
to kind of give him history lectures
about the history of Myanmar he was
interesting to me in Marylebone on his
air of expertise but history Cambodia in
Southeast Asia he recognized that I knew
a lot more than most people with PhDs
about some of these specific issues in
areas and that he wanted to you know he
wanted to pick my brain where he want to
say he wanted to you know I wanted to
get something so he went on with time he
and I we did become I think you could
say close personal friends to give an
example I talked to him about my divorce
and he talked to me about his divorce
you know it progressed from there a lot
of people respond by leaving criticism
it doesn't mean they're a narcissist it
doesn't mean they're a psychopath
doesn't mean they're a bad person in
terms of this professor Mike Yeo I guess
would say I later found out because it
became her later friend about the
sources of stress and misery in his life
at that time and why probably he was
unhappy and you know feeling insecure
over there was one other time well after
we became friends when he really lost
his temper with me and then later he
apologized he explained you know kind of
what was on his plate what everyone say
what he was was going but me you know
I've said this so many times lately you
know sympathy is an analytical tool if
you're interested in understanding who
this person is and what they're doing
okay so they they respond badly to
criticism even when maybe it's their job
to take criticism like you know if you
talk about something that's on top
in an academic setting yeah these people
being paid to present ideas and hear
counter ideas and deal with criticism
and and be alerted to an address holes
and you know flaws and what they're
saying about history criticism is is you
know that that's that's read the real
meaning of academic freedom is the
freedom of each party to criticize the
other and for us to try to make some
kind of progress
I can't even say scientific progress but
some kind of progress through that
mutual scrutiny you know you know so was
a lot of these charges people against me
what I gotta say is look even if you
were a hundred percent right I'm not
wrong like it wouldn't be wrong for me
to be upset it wouldn't be wrong for me
to handle criticism poorly and I'm not
gonna claim I'm I'm perfect but what I
see on the internet and obviously it's
not just me this is a mass phenomenon is
I've found some fault in you I found
some flaw in you and therefore I can
completely dismiss you I can completely
to humanize you I can completely write
you off I can refuse to listen to you
that's a big one even by email when
people say forget it I'm not reading
this email
I'm not listen to anything you say to me
I've gotta get it again and you know
think about how worse much worse my
whole situation would be if with that
Professor I'd respond it that way if I
just said to him what you can't handle
criticism and walked out of the room if
I said well you can handle criticism
your behaviors deplorable you know I'm
not even gonna listen to you I'm sure in
this town where I'm reporting you I
could have I could have reported to the
Ombudsman or made the complaints at this
professor you notice that online you
know if somebody can't take criticism
what does that really mean
you know what what does that really mean
we saw that video this is this is really
on topic we saw that video from a young
female youtuber and she talked about
going on a date with a guy and he made a
passing reference a really brief
reference to her being a little bit more
chubby in real life than she was in the
photographs she gave in the first place
it wasn't even criticism it was not even
attending to criticism she told the
whole story of the scenario and that was
it she kicked him out of her car on the
side of the road that date was over and
she got out with him once the choice
before I forget which and she was like
that's it what she never talked to him
again you know now okay so she can't
take criticism she can you know I'm not
trying to demonize the boy I'm not
trying to demonize the girl but there
are two people in their 20s who are out
on a date trying to get to know each
other maybe trying to fall in love with
each other whatever and it all went
terribly wrong because she can't take
criticism it's probably probably reason
why you know what probably you know in
terms of her struggles with their weight
or her struggles with men or her feeling
that this guy that she really liked him
and he never gave her enough of a
positive indication that he really liked
her you know what I mean like a lack of
just that sense of confidence in what
they're doing in dating you know that is
this a real relationship at all or you
know and sure a lot of people would feel
like hey I don't wanna have to live up
to this photograph of me that's on the
internet you know I want you to love me
for who I am I want you to think I'm
beautiful for who I am not because of
those photographs in the night and it
may say enough topic loosely but I think
a lot of professors want to say I want
you to appreciate me for who I am NOT
for this idea you might have because of
my PhD or because of that book I
published it because they say you know I
think there was something living living
up to your own hype I have some
expectations because your PhD in Asian
Studies I was just gonna say on that
same topic we watched a another YouTube
video about a girl who lost a lot of
weight and she said that she used to
edit her photos on dating apps to make
herself look like a nerd like but she
never felt that way when she actually
met somebody she never said like you
know if they if they'd told her like oh
you're you're you're more weight than
you look and you're in your photo she
didn't feel the pensive oh yeah not at
all like so just you know they're both
young women in their 20s you know it's
it's not it's not just endemic to young
women in their 20s obviously you're
talking about it was a professor's you
know people people can be defensive
about anything people can be
unreasonable about anything but then the
questions okay so now
now the balls in my court this professor
is being unreasonable or this young
woman I'm dating is being unreasonable
whatever the situation is but I'm gonna
be reasonable I'm gonna find it in me to
have the strength and self-discipline to
be reasonable for my part so I'm
confident that what I'm doing is is good
and you know if people take criticism
badly which I you know I may be guilty
of none of the people I've ever
addressed they never sent me an example
of this I I know it sounds ridiculous
but you know in every case I was like oh
well here's what I actually said with
Nina right here's what I actually said
with a natural vegan here's the link to
the video about this that anything but
I'm not perfect I mean so we did our
long discussion with Josh aka vegan
revolution horrible conversation the guy
was it was a horse's ass with me I don't
think I'm perfect but you know you do
better you can watch that video and ask
yourself if you had this guy hanging you
insulting you asking you personal
questions about your mom and your dad
and just everything that's a pillar you
insult you I look back at that and think
well you know I did okay I accepted
criticism I responded to criticism and I
mean the only point he wanted to debate
you know he dropped as soon as I replied
to it so I've kind of interesting
himself but he wanted to attack me for
daring to criticize other youtubers I
talked about the meaningful role of
critique in the progress of a political
movement and it was done so look my
point is not that that's a sterling
example of how to handle criticism but I
don't think Donald Trump has ever been
interviewed by someone as hostile as you
know vegan revolution was toward me and
that's that's not the way he interviewed
bite size vegan or any of the other
people he's interviewed in his channel
it was an extraordinarily hostile and
insulting interview and I would like to
say I didn't sink to his level I tried
to respond to these things factually and
and I kept encouraging him to take on a
more positive tone and offering tea I'm
not I'm not perfect and so you know I
also admit openly when I get upset and
nominees pills oh this doesn't upset me
you know we're talking about the
controversies whether unnatural being or
otherwise I say yeah you know this this
is what upset me but you know if people
can't take criticism your role is not to
turn around
and diagnosed them with a serious
psychiatric illness for that reason is
ridiculous you know your role isn't to
dehumanize them and marginalize them is
just dismiss them I think your role is
to try to find some positive way forward
and for me and that one professor we
both found it we both benefit a lot out
of that relationship we both moved on